To do List OH YEEAAART

this list is for things that need to be changed in-game or implemented in the future, as well as reminders for general notes,
those are at the bottom though

things to do:
-rework the movement system to accept 9 directions, and give them values based 
 on FGC number inputs for ease of access (0 is neutral, 2 is down, 4 is right, 6 is up, etc)

-get an art skill so that I can have tiles that don't look like a garbage.

-proper animation system and state numbers

-make the game more debug friendly with key bindings that do things like clear the screen, show/hide certain data,
things of that nature.




notes:
The general idea is for each player class to have 4-5 normal attacks, a "Get-Off" attack in typical brawler fashion,
at least one "skill" that is dedicated to a "skill button", 
normal attacks are "heavy attacks" and "light attacks"
current setup is to be VF style: P(unch) K(ick) G(uard) and T(hrow) along with a S(kill) button for special attacks.
there would be with this system a total of 14 possible inputs a player can put in.

Each player class should have these essentials : get hit (light and heavy, possibly a stun as well), jump, guard, walk, turn, and get thrown,
and jump animations. 

I need an input buffer that checks the last 15 or so inputs given to be able to see if special moves are being performed

enemy placement patterns are not to be randomized, that's how you fuck up.

Level structure should be along the lines of (start>mid-boss>break>start2>BOSS)
with the BOSS of each level having at least 2 phases, normal and <PINCH>
<PINCH> is a state they go into only when their health is low, their patterns change up and their damage goes up, and if
possible I'd like their theme to speed up and go into a higher octave ala SA2

VISUALS:
I'd like to have cooler colors for backgrounds and characters, and warmer/hot colors for sparks and flashes and whatnot
I'd like to put as much Maryland into this game as possible



MODE IDEAS:
normal mode: simple sidescrolling beat-em-up with co-op elements can be done alone, but more fun with more ones
ARCADE mode: instead of normal mode, players deal and take more damage, difficulty scaling much harsher as time goes on
lives are kept based on the number of QUARTERS the player has, when you run out of lives you use a QUARTER to keep going.
(THe number of lives given per quarter is yet to be determined. probably 1-3 per quarter) QUARTERS can be gained by performing
specific difficult actions or by finding them hidden in levels, these should be scarce though.
SCUFFLE: Players are instead pit against one another to fight, there should be some in-game reward for winning. perhaps in ARCADE
you can steal a QUARTER off of another player should you win.
I would eventually like to make the game 3-6 hours long but replayable, but for now I'll just make a single level for making a proof
of concept. 


